[AlwaysOnProfiler] Memory profiler internal docs (#641)
signalfx/signalfx-dotnet-tracing: docs/always-on-profiling.md

## How do I know if it's working?

> At the startup, the SignalFx Instrumentation for .NET will log the string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the startup, the SignalFx Instrumentation for .NET logs the string
```

> `AlwaysOnProfiler::StartThreadSampling` at `info` log level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AlwaysOnProfiler::StartThreadSampling` at `info` log level.
```

You can grep for this in the native logs for the instrumentation
to see something like this:

```text
10/12/22 12:10:31.962 PM [12096|22036] [info] AlwaysOnProfiler::StartThreadSampling
```

> Attempt to enable CPU Profiler on the unsupported runtime version
> results in the following entry in the managed logs for the instrumentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you try to enable CPU Profiler on the unsupported runtime version, you'll get
a log entry similar to the following in the managed logs for the instrumentation:
```

```text
2022-10-12 12:37:18.640 +02:00 [WRN] Cpu profiling enabled but not supported.
```

> ## How can I see the profiler configuration?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How can I see AlwaysOn Profiling configuration?
```

Clarified, as I understand "profiler" has a native and distinct meaning in .NET

> If the escape hatch activates, it logs the following message:

Reviewer: What's the criteria for the escape hatch to activate?

Author: It's described above: https://github.com/signalfx/signalfx-dotnet-tracing/blob/307fcefd7336c768dc1c4251559beef4d6f93af4/docs/always-on-profiling.md#escape-hatch

```text
Skipping a thread sample period, buffers are full.
```

You can also look for:

```text

> ** THIS WILL RESULT IN LOSS OF PROFILING DATA **.

Reviewer: Any chance we could edit this error message before it hits prod? CAPS ARE A BIT DRAMATIC! 😅

Author: Will be adjusted with a separate PR.
